developer-library/microservices-data-refactoring/extract-smaller-graph/extract-smaller-graph.md, before:

# Extract a Smaller Graph from the Original Graph

## Introduction

In this lab, We have identified the known clusters from which the smaller graph is extracted. We create a tables with Nodes and Edges only for these data to do the further analysis and identify the clusters within using Infomap algorithm.

Estimated Lab Time: 15 minutes

### Objectives


- Extract the smaller graph from the original graph as the analysis will be easier and easy to understand as well.
- Create the CSV files for Nodes and Edges for the smaller graphs.


### Prerequisites (Optional)

This lab assumes you have:
* An Oracle account
* This lab requires an Autonomous Database - Shared Infrastructure or Autonomous Transaction Processing - Shared Infrastructure account.

## Task 1: Run the Infomap on the main graph in the Data Studio

## Task 2: Choose the clusters from the result of Infomap from the main graph

1. Tables from the cluster related to Personal Details of Patient

   ~~~ 
   ESO_TRIGGER,PRSNL_ORG_RELTN,PROBLEM_COMMENT,MATCH_TAG_PARMS,CODE_CDF_EXT,CREDENTIAL,FILL_CYCLE_BATCH,DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY,WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL,PRSNL_RELTN,PE_STATUS_REASON,PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R,CMT_CONCEPT,SCH_LOCK,PROC_PRSNL_RELTN,TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY,CODE_VALUE_SET,PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN,DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM,CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN,ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN,PREDEFINED_PREFS,PSN_PPR_RELTN,CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION,PRSNL,CODE_VALUE,PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY,CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION
   ~~~

2. Tables from the cluster related to Medications

  	~~~ 
  	ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R,WARNING_LABEL_XREF,PACKAGE_TYPE,MED_IDENTIFIER,MED_PACKAGE_TYPE,MED_PRODUCT,MANUFACTURER_ITEM,WARNING_LABEL,MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX,MED_DEF_FLEX,ITEM_LOCATION_COST,QUANTITY_ON_HAND,MED_DISPENSE,MEDICATION_DEFINITION,MED_COST_HX,MED_INGRED_SET,MED_OE_DEFAULTS,RX_CURVE
  	~~~
   
3. Tables from the cluster related to Orders

  	~~~ 
	RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD,ORDER_REVIEW,BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN,FILM_USAGE,ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM,ORDERS,ORDER_INGREDIENT,ORDER_CATALOG,SCH_APPT_ORD,ORDER_ACTION,ORDER_IV_INFO,RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC,ORDER_NOTIFICATION,RAD_PRIOR_PREFS,RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL,ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN,ECO_QUEUE
	~~~


4. Tables from all 3 clusters in sql format. We call this as TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT   

	~~~
	'ESO_TRIGGER','PRSNL_ORG_RELTN','PROBLEM_COMMENT','MATCH_TAG_PARMS','CODE_CDF_EXT','CREDENTIAL','FILL_CYCLE_BATCH','DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY','WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL','PRSNL_RELTN','PE_STATUS_REASON','PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R','CMT_CONCEPT','SCH_LOCK','PROC_PRSNL_RELTN','TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY','CODE_VALUE_SET','PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN','DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM','CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN','ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN','PREDEFINED_PREFS','PSN_PPR_RELTN','CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION','PRSNL','CODE_VALUE','PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY','CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION','ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R','WARNING_LABEL_XREF','PACKAGE_TYPE','MED_IDENTIFIER','MED_PACKAGE_TYPE','MED_PRODUCT','MANUFACTURER_ITEM','WARNING_LABEL','MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX','MED_DEF_FLEX','ITEM_LOCATION_COST','QUANTITY_ON_HAND','MED_DISPENSE','MEDICATION_DEFINITION','MED_COST_HX','MED_INGRED_SET','MED_OE_DEFAULTS','RX_CURVE','RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD','ORDER_REVIEW','BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN','FILM_USAGE','ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM','ORDERS','ORDER_INGREDIENT','ORDER_CATALOG','SCH_APPT_ORD','ORDER_ACTION','ORDER_IV_INFO','RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC','ORDER_NOTIFICATION','RAD_PRIOR_PREFS','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL','ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN','ECO_QUEUE'
	~~~
   
5. Fetch TABLE1 and TABLE2 names from edges and combine both names, remove the duplicates by keeping only unique table names. 

   	~~~
	SELECT DISTINCT TABLE1 FROM EDGES_974 WHERE TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT) 
	OR TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~
   	~~~ 
	SELECT DISTINCT TABLE2 FROM EDGES_974 WHERE TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT)
	OR TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~
	Merge the result of above 2 queries and have the tables of connected nodes as well. We call it as TABLES_INCLUDING_CONNECTED_NODES.

	The below are the resultant tables names.
	~~~ 
	('WARNING_LABEL_XREF','BILL_ITEM','SCH_APPT','ACCESSION','TRACKING_PRV_RELN','ORDER_CONTAINER_R','PE_STATUS_REASON','ORGANIZATION','PROC_PRSNL_RELTN','SIGN_LINE_FORMAT_DETAIL','SHARED_LIST_GTTD','ORG_ALIAS_POOL_RELTN','ORDER_CATALOG','PERSON_NAME','TRACK_EVENT','ENCNTR_INFO','ORDER_ENTRY_FIELDS','TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY','CHARGE_EVENT_ACT','MED_COST_HX','ORDER_ACTION','SCH_EVENT_ALIAS','ECO_QUEUE','MLTM_NDC_MAIN_DRUG_CODE','PREDEFINED_PREFS','UCMR_CASE_TYPE','LOCATION','FILL_PRINT_ORD_HX','SCH_EVENT_ATTACH','ESI_LOG','MANUFACTURER_ITEM','ACCESSION_ORDER_R','BLOB_REFERENCE','V500_EVENT_SET_CODE','ORDER_DISPENSE','HM_EXPECT_MOD','ALT_SEL_CAT','SIGN_LINE_FORMAT','SCH_EVENT_PATIENT','CODE_VALUE_GROUP','ORDER_SENTENCE','SCD_TERM_DATA','ITEM_DEFINITION','CODE_VALUE_EVENT_R','RAD_INT_CASE','PRSNL','CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION','PERSON_INFO','ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN','ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN','PROBLEM','LOGICAL_DOMAIN','TRACK_REFERENCE','PRSNL_GROUP_RELTN','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_COMP','TASK_ACTIVITY','RAD_EXAM','PAT_ED_FAVORITES','MED_PRODUCT','ORDERS','REACTION','ORDER_INGREDIENT','ALT_SEL_LIST','DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT','IMAGE_CLASS','SCH_LOCK','SCH_EVENT','TRACK_GROUP','ACT_PW_COMP','PM_TRANSACTION','DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL','PERSON_ALIAS','TRACKING_EVT_CMT','PW_CAT_SYNONYM','SCH_APPT_ORD','CODE_VALUE_SET','PPR_CONSENT_STATUS','PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY','MED_OE_DEFAULTS','REGIMEN_CATALOG','STICKY_NOTE','SCH_LOCATION','CE_MED_RESULT','ORDER_TASK','ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM','PERSON_COMBINE_DET','ORDER_DETAIL','NURSE_UNIT','RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA','CODE_CDF_EXT','RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION','ORG_BARCODE_FORMAT','COLLECTION_PRIORITY','RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT','NETTING','SCH_ENTRY','CHARGE_EVENT','HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST','ORG_BARCODE_ORG','V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE','ORDER_PRODUCT_DOSE','SCH_SIMPLE_ASSOC','PRSNL_ALIAS','MED_DISPENSE','DISPENSE_CATEGORY','RAD_FOL_UP_FIELD','PATHWAY','IM_STUDY','CODE_VALUE_ALIAS','DIAGNOSIS','RX_CURVE','CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION','RAD_RES_INFO','ALLERGY','ALLERGY_COMMENT','IM_STUDY_PARENT_R','PRSNL_ORG_RELTN','PCS_DEMOGRAPHIC_FIELD','DEVICE','OE_FORMAT_FIELDS','MED_PACKAGE_TYPE','RAD_RPT_LOCK','PRSNL_RELTN','CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL','PPR_CONSENT_POLICY','MED_DEF_FLEX','RAD_REPORT','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL','UCM_CASE_STEP','MAMMO_FOLLOW_UP','TRACKABLE_OBJECT','MAMMO_STUDY','CODE_VALUE','TRACKING_PRSNL','SCR_PATTERN','ENCNTR_LOC_HIST','PHARMACY_NOTES','SCH_EVENT_ACTION','ENCNTR_ALIAS','LONG_BLOB','PW_CAT_FLEX','PERSON_PRSNL_ACTIVITY','FILM_USAGE','DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY','MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX','TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT','PROBLEM_PRSNL_R','CE_EVENT_PRSNL','PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN','MEDICATION_DEFINITION','RAD_REPORT_PRSNL','CMT_CONCEPT','ORDER_INGREDIENT_DOSE','LONG_TEXT','TRACKING_CHECKIN','TASK_DISCRETE_R','ORDER_RADIOLOGY','QUANTITY_ON_HAND','PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_CONTROL','EXAM_DATA','ICLASS_PERSON_RELTN','MEDIA_EXAM','TRACKING_EVENT','ESO_TRIGGER','MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC','PROBLEM_COMMENT','TEMPLATE_NONFORMULARY','PROCEDURE_SPECIMEN_TYPE','SCH_APPT_OPTION','PERSON','PRICE_SCHED','PERSON_PERSON_RELTN','PAT_ED_SHORTCUT','MED_IDENTIFIER','RAD_PROCEDURE_GROUP','ORDER_COMMENT','FILL_CYCLE_BATCH','WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL','PERSON_COMBINE','LOCATION_GROUP','ORDER_IV_INFO','PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL','ORDER_THERAP_SBSTTN','OUTPUT_DEST','CONTAINER','ORDER_NOTIFICATION','TASK_RELTN','SIGN_LINE_DTA_R','SERVICE_DIRECTORY','REGIMEN_CAT_SYNONYM','PSN_PPR_RELTN','MED_INGRED_SET','PAT_ED_RELTN','SCD_STORY','ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R','RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD','CE_EVENT_ACTION','PHONE','TRACKING_LOCATOR','CS_COMPONENT','PACKAGE_TYPE','MATCH_TAG_PARMS','ORDER_REVIEW','CREDENTIAL','BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN','PCT_CARE_TEAM','RAD_FILM_ADJUST','UCM_CASE','FILM_EXAM','CLINICAL_EVENT','ORDER_TASK_RESPONSE','PFT_ENCNTR','WARNING_LABEL','ORD_RQSTN_ORD_R','PENDING_COLLECTION','PATHWAY_CATALOG','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY','ORDER_PRODUCT','NOMENCLATURE','ORDER_SUPPLY_REVIEW','TRACKING_ITEM','RAD_INT_CASE_R','RAD_PRIOR_PREFS','PRIV_LOC_RELTN','ITEM_LOCATION_COST','ORDER_LABORATORY','PRSNL_GROUP','DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM','RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC','CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN','ENCOUNTER','PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY','ORDER_TASK_XREF','EXPEDITE_COPY','SYNONYM_ITEM_R','ORG_TYPE_RELTN','PRINTER','ORG_ORG_RELTN','OCS_FACILITY_R','IMAGE_CLASS_TYPE','DEVICE_XREF','DCP_ENTITY_RELTN','RAD_INIT_READ','ROUTE_FORM_R','RAD_REPORT_DETAIL','PROXY_GROUP','TRACKING_PRSNL_REF','OUTBOUND_FIELD_PROCESSING','CODE_SET_EXTENSION','DRC_PREMISE','PRIVILEGE','PROC_CLASSIFICATION','TRACKING_EVENT_ORD','SHARED_VALUE_GTTD','BILL_ITEM_MODIFIER','DISCRETE_TASK_ASSAY','RES_SIGN_ACT_SUBTYPE')
	~~~
	
## Task 3:Create new tables for the extracted data.

1. Create new NODES table of the graph. 

	~~~
   CREATE TABLE NODES_259_NEW AS SELECT * FROM NODES_974 WHERE TABLE_NAME IN (TABLES_INCLUDING_CONNECTED_NODES)
	~~~
2. Create new EDGE table of the graph.    
	~~~
	CREATE TABLE EDGES_259_NEW AS 
	SELECT * FROM EDGES_974 WHERE 
	TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT) OR 
	TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~

3. Adding the constraints for the newly extracted data
 
	~~~
	alter table NODES_259_NEW add primary key (TABLE_NAME);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW add primary key (table_map_id);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW modify TABLE1 references NODES_259_NEW (TABLE_NAME);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW modify TABLE2 references NODES_259_NEW (TABLE_NAME);
	commit;
	~~~


Please **proceed to the next lab** to do so.

## Acknowledgements
* **Author** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Contributors** -  Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Last Updated By/Date** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate, October 2022 

## Learn More

Commit message:

Alternative approach : Load new files into DB for the extracting the smaller graph.

developer-library/microservices-data-refactoring/extract-smaller-graph/extract-smaller-graph.md, after:

# Extract a Smaller Graph from the Original Graph

## Introduction

In this lab, We have identified the known clusters from which the smaller graph is extracted. We create a tables with Nodes and Edges only for these data to do the further analysis and identify the clusters within using Infomap algorithm.

Estimated Lab Time: 15 minutes

### Objectives


- Extract the smaller graph from the original graph as the analysis will be easier and easy to understand as well.
- Create the CSV files for Nodes and Edges for the smaller graphs.


### Prerequisites (Optional)

This lab assumes you have:
* An Oracle account
* This lab requires an Autonomous Database - Shared Infrastructure or Autonomous Transaction Processing - Shared Infrastructure account.

## Task 1: Run the Infomap on the main graph in the Data Studio

## Task 2: Choose the clusters from the result of Infomap from the main graph

1. Tables from the cluster related to Personal Details of Patient

   ~~~ 
   ESO_TRIGGER,PRSNL_ORG_RELTN,PROBLEM_COMMENT,MATCH_TAG_PARMS,CODE_CDF_EXT,CREDENTIAL,FILL_CYCLE_BATCH,DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY,WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL,PRSNL_RELTN,PE_STATUS_REASON,PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R,CMT_CONCEPT,SCH_LOCK,PROC_PRSNL_RELTN,TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY,CODE_VALUE_SET,PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN,DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM,CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN,ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN,PREDEFINED_PREFS,PSN_PPR_RELTN,CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION,PRSNL,CODE_VALUE,PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY,CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION
   ~~~

2. Tables from the cluster related to Medications

  	~~~ 
  	ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R,WARNING_LABEL_XREF,PACKAGE_TYPE,MED_IDENTIFIER,MED_PACKAGE_TYPE,MED_PRODUCT,MANUFACTURER_ITEM,WARNING_LABEL,MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX,MED_DEF_FLEX,ITEM_LOCATION_COST,QUANTITY_ON_HAND,MED_DISPENSE,MEDICATION_DEFINITION,MED_COST_HX,MED_INGRED_SET,MED_OE_DEFAULTS,RX_CURVE
  	~~~
   
3. Tables from the cluster related to Orders

  	~~~ 
	RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD,ORDER_REVIEW,BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN,FILM_USAGE,ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM,ORDERS,ORDER_INGREDIENT,ORDER_CATALOG,SCH_APPT_ORD,ORDER_ACTION,ORDER_IV_INFO,RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC,ORDER_NOTIFICATION,RAD_PRIOR_PREFS,RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL,ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN,ECO_QUEUE
	~~~


4. Tables from all 3 clusters in sql format. We call this as TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT   

	~~~
	'ESO_TRIGGER','PRSNL_ORG_RELTN','PROBLEM_COMMENT','MATCH_TAG_PARMS','CODE_CDF_EXT','CREDENTIAL','FILL_CYCLE_BATCH','DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY','WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL','PRSNL_RELTN','PE_STATUS_REASON','PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R','CMT_CONCEPT','SCH_LOCK','PROC_PRSNL_RELTN','TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY','CODE_VALUE_SET','PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN','DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM','CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN','ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN','PREDEFINED_PREFS','PSN_PPR_RELTN','CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION','PRSNL','CODE_VALUE','PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY','CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION','ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R','WARNING_LABEL_XREF','PACKAGE_TYPE','MED_IDENTIFIER','MED_PACKAGE_TYPE','MED_PRODUCT','MANUFACTURER_ITEM','WARNING_LABEL','MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX','MED_DEF_FLEX','ITEM_LOCATION_COST','QUANTITY_ON_HAND','MED_DISPENSE','MEDICATION_DEFINITION','MED_COST_HX','MED_INGRED_SET','MED_OE_DEFAULTS','RX_CURVE','RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD','ORDER_REVIEW','BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN','FILM_USAGE','ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM','ORDERS','ORDER_INGREDIENT','ORDER_CATALOG','SCH_APPT_ORD','ORDER_ACTION','ORDER_IV_INFO','RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC','ORDER_NOTIFICATION','RAD_PRIOR_PREFS','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL','ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN','ECO_QUEUE'
	~~~
   
5. Fetch TABLE1 and TABLE2 names from edges and combine both names, remove the duplicates by keeping only unique table names. 

   	~~~
	SELECT DISTINCT TABLE1 FROM EDGES_974 WHERE TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT) 
	OR TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~
   	~~~ 
	SELECT DISTINCT TABLE2 FROM EDGES_974 WHERE TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT)
	OR TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~
	Merge the result of above 2 queries and have the tables of connected nodes as well. We call it as TABLES_INCLUDING_CONNECTED_NODES.

	The below are the resultant tables names.
	~~~ 
	('WARNING_LABEL_XREF','BILL_ITEM','SCH_APPT','ACCESSION','TRACKING_PRV_RELN','ORDER_CONTAINER_R','PE_STATUS_REASON','ORGANIZATION','PROC_PRSNL_RELTN','SIGN_LINE_FORMAT_DETAIL','SHARED_LIST_GTTD','ORG_ALIAS_POOL_RELTN','ORDER_CATALOG','PERSON_NAME','TRACK_EVENT','ENCNTR_INFO','ORDER_ENTRY_FIELDS','TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY','CHARGE_EVENT_ACT','MED_COST_HX','ORDER_ACTION','SCH_EVENT_ALIAS','ECO_QUEUE','MLTM_NDC_MAIN_DRUG_CODE','PREDEFINED_PREFS','UCMR_CASE_TYPE','LOCATION','FILL_PRINT_ORD_HX','SCH_EVENT_ATTACH','ESI_LOG','MANUFACTURER_ITEM','ACCESSION_ORDER_R','BLOB_REFERENCE','V500_EVENT_SET_CODE','ORDER_DISPENSE','HM_EXPECT_MOD','ALT_SEL_CAT','SIGN_LINE_FORMAT','SCH_EVENT_PATIENT','CODE_VALUE_GROUP','ORDER_SENTENCE','SCD_TERM_DATA','ITEM_DEFINITION','CODE_VALUE_EVENT_R','RAD_INT_CASE','PRSNL','CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION','PERSON_INFO','ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN','ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN','PROBLEM','LOGICAL_DOMAIN','TRACK_REFERENCE','PRSNL_GROUP_RELTN','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_COMP','TASK_ACTIVITY','RAD_EXAM','PAT_ED_FAVORITES','MED_PRODUCT','ORDERS','REACTION','ORDER_INGREDIENT','ALT_SEL_LIST','DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT','IMAGE_CLASS','SCH_LOCK','SCH_EVENT','TRACK_GROUP','ACT_PW_COMP','PM_TRANSACTION','DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL','PERSON_ALIAS','TRACKING_EVT_CMT','PW_CAT_SYNONYM','SCH_APPT_ORD','CODE_VALUE_SET','PPR_CONSENT_STATUS','PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY','MED_OE_DEFAULTS','REGIMEN_CATALOG','STICKY_NOTE','SCH_LOCATION','CE_MED_RESULT','ORDER_TASK','ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM','PERSON_COMBINE_DET','ORDER_DETAIL','NURSE_UNIT','RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA','CODE_CDF_EXT','RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION','ORG_BARCODE_FORMAT','COLLECTION_PRIORITY','RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT','NETTING','SCH_ENTRY','CHARGE_EVENT','HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST','ORG_BARCODE_ORG','V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE','ORDER_PRODUCT_DOSE','SCH_SIMPLE_ASSOC','PRSNL_ALIAS','MED_DISPENSE','DISPENSE_CATEGORY','RAD_FOL_UP_FIELD','PATHWAY','IM_STUDY','CODE_VALUE_ALIAS','DIAGNOSIS','RX_CURVE','CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION','RAD_RES_INFO','ALLERGY','ALLERGY_COMMENT','IM_STUDY_PARENT_R','PRSNL_ORG_RELTN','PCS_DEMOGRAPHIC_FIELD','DEVICE','OE_FORMAT_FIELDS','MED_PACKAGE_TYPE','RAD_RPT_LOCK','PRSNL_RELTN','CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL','PPR_CONSENT_POLICY','MED_DEF_FLEX','RAD_REPORT','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL','UCM_CASE_STEP','MAMMO_FOLLOW_UP','TRACKABLE_OBJECT','MAMMO_STUDY','CODE_VALUE','TRACKING_PRSNL','SCR_PATTERN','ENCNTR_LOC_HIST','PHARMACY_NOTES','SCH_EVENT_ACTION','ENCNTR_ALIAS','LONG_BLOB','PW_CAT_FLEX','PERSON_PRSNL_ACTIVITY','FILM_USAGE','DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY','MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX','TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT','PROBLEM_PRSNL_R','CE_EVENT_PRSNL','PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN','MEDICATION_DEFINITION','RAD_REPORT_PRSNL','CMT_CONCEPT','ORDER_INGREDIENT_DOSE','LONG_TEXT','TRACKING_CHECKIN','TASK_DISCRETE_R','ORDER_RADIOLOGY','QUANTITY_ON_HAND','PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS','RAD_FOLLOW_UP_CONTROL','EXAM_DATA','ICLASS_PERSON_RELTN','MEDIA_EXAM','TRACKING_EVENT','ESO_TRIGGER','MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC','PROBLEM_COMMENT','TEMPLATE_NONFORMULARY','PROCEDURE_SPECIMEN_TYPE','SCH_APPT_OPTION','PERSON','PRICE_SCHED','PERSON_PERSON_RELTN','PAT_ED_SHORTCUT','MED_IDENTIFIER','RAD_PROCEDURE_GROUP','ORDER_COMMENT','FILL_CYCLE_BATCH','WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL','PERSON_COMBINE','LOCATION_GROUP','ORDER_IV_INFO','PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL','ORDER_THERAP_SBSTTN','OUTPUT_DEST','CONTAINER','ORDER_NOTIFICATION','TASK_RELTN','SIGN_LINE_DTA_R','SERVICE_DIRECTORY','REGIMEN_CAT_SYNONYM','PSN_PPR_RELTN','MED_INGRED_SET','PAT_ED_RELTN','SCD_STORY','ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R','RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD','CE_EVENT_ACTION','PHONE','TRACKING_LOCATOR','CS_COMPONENT','PACKAGE_TYPE','MATCH_TAG_PARMS','ORDER_REVIEW','CREDENTIAL','BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN','PCT_CARE_TEAM','RAD_FILM_ADJUST','UCM_CASE','FILM_EXAM','CLINICAL_EVENT','ORDER_TASK_RESPONSE','PFT_ENCNTR','WARNING_LABEL','ORD_RQSTN_ORD_R','PENDING_COLLECTION','PATHWAY_CATALOG','DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY','ORDER_PRODUCT','NOMENCLATURE','ORDER_SUPPLY_REVIEW','TRACKING_ITEM','RAD_INT_CASE_R','RAD_PRIOR_PREFS','PRIV_LOC_RELTN','ITEM_LOCATION_COST','ORDER_LABORATORY','PRSNL_GROUP','DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM','RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC','CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN','ENCOUNTER','PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY','ORDER_TASK_XREF','EXPEDITE_COPY','SYNONYM_ITEM_R','ORG_TYPE_RELTN','PRINTER','ORG_ORG_RELTN','OCS_FACILITY_R','IMAGE_CLASS_TYPE','DEVICE_XREF','DCP_ENTITY_RELTN','RAD_INIT_READ','ROUTE_FORM_R','RAD_REPORT_DETAIL','PROXY_GROUP','TRACKING_PRSNL_REF','OUTBOUND_FIELD_PROCESSING','CODE_SET_EXTENSION','DRC_PREMISE','PRIVILEGE','PROC_CLASSIFICATION','TRACKING_EVENT_ORD','SHARED_VALUE_GTTD','BILL_ITEM_MODIFIER','DISCRETE_TASK_ASSAY','RES_SIGN_ACT_SUBTYPE')
	~~~
	
## Task 3:Create new tables for the extracted data.

1. Create new NODES table of the graph. 

	~~~
   CREATE TABLE NODES_259_NEW AS SELECT * FROM NODES_974 WHERE TABLE_NAME IN (TABLES_INCLUDING_CONNECTED_NODES)
	~~~
2. Create new EDGE table of the graph.    
	~~~
	CREATE TABLE EDGES_259_NEW AS 
	SELECT * FROM EDGES_974 WHERE 
	TABLE1 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT) OR 
	TABLE2 IN (TABLES_FROM_SELECTED_CLUSTERS_IN_SQL_FORMAT);
	~~~

3. Adding the constraints for the newly extracted data
 
	~~~
	alter table NODES_259_NEW add primary key (TABLE_NAME);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW add primary key (table_map_id);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW modify TABLE1 references NODES_259_NEW (TABLE_NAME);
	alter table EDGES_259_NEW modify TABLE2 references NODES_259_NEW (TABLE_NAME);
	commit;
	~~~


## Task 4: Alternative approach for creation of smaller graphs

Directly upload the csv files into DB as followed in Lab 3 -> Task 3

The only change is use the below files to upload and complete the Task 3 from Lab 3
- microservices-data-refactoring/livelabs/resources/NODES_259_NEW.csv - Where we have table names.
- microservices-data-refactoring/livelabs/resources/EDGES_259_NEW.csv - Where we have source(TABLE1) and destination(TABLE2) columns with the edge 


Please **proceed to the next lab** to do so.

## Acknowledgements
* **Author** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Contributors** -  Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Last Updated By/Date** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate, October 2022 

## Learn More
