developer-library/microservices-data-refactoring/detect-communities/detect-communities.md, before:

# Run the community detection algorithm

## Introduction

In this lab, using the graphs which are created in the previous labs, we applied the community detection algorithm which identifies the communities within the graphs. The community detection algorithm takes the input graphs and identities strong connectivity within graphs and forms multiple smaller communities. Infomap is used for community detection in this lab.

Estimated Lab Time: 15 minutes

### Objectives

In this lab, you will:
* Create a graph in Data Studio
* Detect the communities using the Infomap.

### Prerequisites

This lab assumes you have:

* All previous labs were completed successfully.

## Task 1: Create the Bucket in OCI Compartment.

1. Clone the DRA Community Detection Client from the github.
	~~~ 
	git clone https://github.com/oracle/DRACommunityDetection.git 
	~~~
2. Compile the maven project
	~~~
	mvn compile
	~~~

3. Execute the project to see the identified clusters using the Infomap Algorithm
	~~~
	mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass=com.oracle.ms.app.InfomapGraphClient
	~~~
	Where 
   - com.oracle.ms.app.InfomapGraphClient - Main class which loads the graph and runs the Infomap to identify the Clusters.


Output:
	~~~
	job details: name=Environment Creation - 18 GBstype= ENVIRONMENT_CREATIONcreated_by= ADMIN
	Graph : PgxGraph[name=MED_REC_PG_OBJ_G,N=259,E=972,created=1664544333468]

	The table names with the same community Ids formed the clusters below.
	+----------------------------------------+
	| Community | TABLE_NAME                 |
	+----------------------------------------+
	| 0         | PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY       |
	| 0         | CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN     |
	| 0         | ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN         |
	| 0         | PE_STATUS_REASON           |
	| 0         | PCT_CARE_TEAM              |
	| 0         | PERSON_PERSON_RELTN        |
	| 0         | PERSON_INFO                |
	| 0         | DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY     |
	| 0         | PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN         |
	| 0         | PRSNL_ORG_RELTN            |
	| 0         | ENCOUNTER                  |
	| 0         | ORD_RQSTN_ORD_R            |
	| 0         | PRSNL_RELTN                |
	| 0         | ORG_ALIAS_POOL_RELTN       |
	| 0         | LOCATION                   |
	| 0         | ORGANIZATION               |
	| 0         | CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION       |
	| 0         | SCH_APPT                   |
	| 0         | ENCNTR_INFO                |
	| 0         | PRSNL_ALIAS                |
	| 0         | SCH_EVENT                  |
	| 0         | SCH_EVENT_ALIAS            |
	| 1         | PROC_CLASSIFICATION        |
	| 2         | OCS_FACILITY_R             |
	| 3         | SYNONYM_ITEM_R             |
	| 4         | SHARED_VALUE_GTTD          |
	| 5         | RAD_REPORT_DETAIL          |
	| 6         | IMAGE_CLASS_TYPE           |
	| 7         | RAD_FOLLOW_UP_CONTROL      |
	| 8         | DRC_PREMISE                |
	| 9         | ORG_ORG_RELTN              |
	| 10        | PENDING_COLLECTION         |
	| 10        | PERSON_COMBINE_DET         |
	| 10        | OE_FORMAT_FIELDS           |
	| 10        | COLLECTION_PRIORITY        |
	| 10        | ORDER_LABORATORY           |
	| 10        | ACCESSION                  |
	| 10        | ACCESSION_ORDER_R          |
	| 10        | ORDERS                     |
	| 10        | ORDER_REVIEW               |
	| 10        | UCM_CASE_STEP              |
	| 10        | UCMR_CASE_TYPE             |
	| 10        | ORDER_CONTAINER_R          |
	| 10        | ORDER_ENTRY_FIELDS         |
	| 10        | ORDER_DETAIL               |
	| 10        | ORDER_SUPPLY_REVIEW        |
	| 10        | UCM_CASE                   |
	| 10        | ORDER_TASK                 |
	| 10        | ORDER_ACTION               |
	| 10        | TASK_ACTIVITY              |
	| 10        | SCH_EVENT_ATTACH           |
	| 10        | NETTING                    |
	| 10        | TRACKING_EVENT             |
	| 10        | ORDER_TASK_RESPONSE        |
	| 10        | PRICE_SCHED                |
	| 10        | TASK_RELTN                 |
	| 10        | PERSON_COMBINE             |
	| 10        | SERVICE_DIRECTORY          |
	| 10        | OUTPUT_DEST                |
	| 10        | SHARED_LIST_GTTD           |
	| 10        | ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN        |
	| 10        | TRACK_EVENT                |
	| 10        | ENCNTR_LOC_HIST            |
	| 11        | PRIVILEGE                  |
	| 12        | TRACKING_PRSNL_REF         |
	| 13        | ORDER_PRODUCT              |
	| 13        | WARNING_LABEL              |
	| 13        | MED_INGRED_SET             |
	| 13        | ALT_SEL_CAT                |
	| 13        | RX_CURVE                   |
	| 13        | MED_PACKAGE_TYPE           |
	| 13        | MEDICATION_DEFINITION      |
	| 13        | MED_DEF_FLEX               |
	| 13        | WARNING_LABEL_XREF         |
	| 13        | MED_DISPENSE               |
	| 13        | LONG_TEXT                  |
	| 13        | ITEM_DEFINITION            |
	| 13        | MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX        |
	| 13        | MED_OE_DEFAULTS            |
	| 13        | ALT_SEL_LIST               |
	| 13        | ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R       |
	| 14        | QUANTITY_ON_HAND           |
	| 15        | ROUTE_FORM_R               |
	| 16        | RES_SIGN_ACT_SUBTYPE       |
	| 17        | OUTBOUND_FIELD_PROCESSING  |
	| 18        | BILL_ITEM_MODIFIER         |
	| 19        | PROXY_GROUP                |
	| 20        | EXPEDITE_COPY              |
	| 21        | ORG_TYPE_RELTN             |
	| 22        | CODE_SET_EXTENSION         |
	| 23        | DCP_ENTITY_RELTN           |
	| 24        | PRINTER                    |
	| 25        | PFT_ENCNTR                 |
	| 26        | RAD_INIT_READ              |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_ALIAS           |
	| 27        | MATCH_TAG_PARMS            |
	| 27        | DEVICE                     |
	| 27        | SCH_LOCATION               |
	| 27        | ESI_LOG                    |
	| 27        | TRACKING_ITEM              |
	| 27        | DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT       |
	| 27        | PERSON_PRSNL_ACTIVITY      |
	| 27        | SCD_STORY                  |
	| 27        | MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC          |
	| 27        | V500_EVENT_SET_CODE        |
	| 27        | BLOB_REFERENCE             |
	| 27        | NOMENCLATURE               |
	| 27        | CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION      |
	| 27        | NURSE_UNIT                 |
	| 27        | LONG_BLOB                  |
	| 27        | PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS        |
	| 27        | PPR_CONSENT_STATUS         |
	| 27        | PERSON_NAME                |
	| 27        | ORG_BARCODE_ORG            |
	| 27        | SIGN_LINE_FORMAT_DETAIL    |
	| 27        | PROC_PRSNL_RELTN           |
	| 27        | CREDENTIAL                 |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_SET             |
	| 27        | CONTAINER                  |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY         |
	| 27        | PCS_DEMOGRAPHIC_FIELD      |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT_ACT           |
	| 27        | ALLERGY_COMMENT            |
	| 27        | DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL        |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_COMP    |
	| 27        | PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R        |
	| 27        | CLINICAL_EVENT             |
	| 27        | PSN_PPR_RELTN              |
	| 27        | PROBLEM_PRSNL_R            |
	| 27        | RAD_REPORT_PRSNL           |
	| 27        | PHONE                      |
	| 27        | MLTM_NDC_MAIN_DRUG_CODE    |
	| 27        | BILL_ITEM                  |
	| 27        | WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL |
	| 27        | TRACKING_CHECKIN           |
	| 27        | SCH_EVENT_ACTION           |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_GROUP           |
	| 27        | LOGICAL_DOMAIN             |
	| 27        | PERSON_ALIAS               |
	| 27        | CE_EVENT_PRSNL             |
	| 27        | FILL_CYCLE_BATCH           |
	| 27        | RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION    |
	| 27        | TRACKING_PRSNL             |
	| 27        | DIAGNOSIS                  |
	| 27        | RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA          |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY        |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL     |
	| 27        | SCD_TERM_DATA              |
	| 27        | HM_EXPECT_MOD              |
	| 27        | CE_MED_RESULT              |
	| 27        | SCH_LOCK                   |
	| 27        | DISPENSE_CATEGORY          |
	| 27        | RAD_RES_INFO               |
	| 27        | SIGN_LINE_FORMAT           |
	| 27        | ENCNTR_ALIAS               |
	| 27        | CODE_CDF_EXT               |
	| 27        | PM_TRANSACTION             |
	| 27        | TRACKING_PRV_RELN          |
	| 27        | LOCATION_GROUP             |
	| 27        | PROBLEM_COMMENT            |
	| 27        | ESO_TRIGGER                |
	| 27        | PRSNL_GROUP                |
	| 27        | PRSNL_GROUP_RELTN          |
	| 27        | TRACKING_EVT_CMT           |
	| 27        | TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY     |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL   |
	| 27        | CMT_CONCEPT                |
	| 27        | ALLERGY                    |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_SHORTCUT            |
	| 27        | TRACKING_LOCATOR           |
	| 27        | SCH_ENTRY                  |
	| 27        | RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT           |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_RELTN               |
	| 27        | PREDEFINED_PREFS           |
	| 27        | ORG_BARCODE_FORMAT         |
	| 27        | REACTION                   |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_FAVORITES           |
	| 27        | TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT   |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT               |
	| 27        | PPR_CONSENT_POLICY         |
	| 27        | SCR_PATTERN                |
	| 27        | CE_EVENT_ACTION            |
	| 27        | TRACK_GROUP                |
	| 27        | TRACK_REFERENCE            |
	| 27        | PROBLEM                    |
	| 27        | STICKY_NOTE                |
	| 27        | V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE     |
	| 27        | PRIV_LOC_RELTN             |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE                 |
	| 27        | PERSON                     |
	| 27        | PRSNL                      |
	| 27        | HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST         |
	| 27        | DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM        |
	| 28        | TRACKING_EVENT_ORD         |
	| 29        | DISCRETE_TASK_ASSAY        |
	| 30        | DEVICE_XREF                |
	| 31        | MED_COST_HX                |
	| 31        | TEMPLATE_NONFORMULARY      |
	| 31        | PACKAGE_TYPE               |
	| 31        | MED_PRODUCT                |
	| 31        | MANUFACTURER_ITEM          |
	| 31        | ITEM_LOCATION_COST         |
	| 31        | FILL_PRINT_ORD_HX          |
	| 31        | MED_IDENTIFIER             |
	| 32        | ORDER_TASK_XREF            |
	| 33        | RAD_PROCEDURE_GROUP        |
	| 33        | ORDER_SENTENCE             |
	| 33        | SCH_SIMPLE_ASSOC           |
	| 33        | PATHWAY                    |
	| 33        | ORDER_NOTIFICATION         |
	| 33        | RAD_RPT_LOCK               |
	| 33        | REGIMEN_CAT_SYNONYM        |
	| 33        | PW_CAT_SYNONYM             |
	| 33        | ORDER_COMMENT              |
	| 33        | ORDER_PRODUCT_DOSE         |
	| 33        | ECO_QUEUE                  |
	| 33        | RAD_REPORT                 |
	| 33        | RAD_FOL_UP_FIELD           |
	| 33        | RAD_INT_CASE_R             |
	| 33        | TRACKABLE_OBJECT           |
	| 33        | ORDER_RADIOLOGY            |
	| 33        | RAD_PRIOR_PREFS            |
	| 33        | CODE_VALUE_EVENT_R         |
	| 33        | MAMMO_STUDY                |
	| 33        | PW_CAT_FLEX                |
	| 33        | FILM_USAGE                 |
	| 33        | FILM_EXAM                  |
	| 33        | MEDIA_EXAM                 |
	| 33        | ORDER_THERAP_SBSTTN        |
	| 33        | ORDER_IV_INFO              |
	| 33        | CS_COMPONENT               |
	| 33        | EXAM_DATA                  |
	| 33        | BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN       |
	| 33        | SCH_EVENT_PATIENT          |
	| 33        | IMAGE_CLASS                |
	| 33        | RAD_INT_CASE               |
	| 33        | ORDER_CATALOG              |
	| 33        | SCH_APPT_ORD               |
	| 33        | SIGN_LINE_DTA_R            |
	| 33        | REGIMEN_CATALOG            |
	| 33        | IM_STUDY_PARENT_R          |
	| 33        | ORDER_INGREDIENT           |
	| 33        | ORDER_DISPENSE             |
	| 33        | ICLASS_PERSON_RELTN        |
	| 33        | ACT_PW_COMP                |
	| 33        | PATHWAY_CATALOG            |
	| 33        | PROCEDURE_SPECIMEN_TYPE    |
	| 33        | ORDER_INGREDIENT_DOSE      |
	| 33        | RAD_FILM_ADJUST            |
	| 33        | RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC        |
	| 33        | PHARMACY_NOTES             |
	| 33        | SCH_APPT_OPTION            |
	| 33        | RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL       |
	| 33        | ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM      |
	| 33        | TASK_DISCRETE_R            |
	| 33        | IM_STUDY                   |
	| 33        | MAMMO_FOLLOW_UP            |
	| 33        | RAD_EXAM                   |
	| 33        | RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD  |
	------------------------------------------
	

## Task 4 : Analysis of nelwy formed clusters

- There are 63 Nodes in this below Cluster : 
- Main Table for foraming a cluster is PRSNL where major number of tables are connected with this table. 

- All the tables related to Personal and tracking of those personal details has formed the formed one cluster. 

- The Person will have the Problems and He consults the Doctor. Doctor will diagnoise the Patient. And the tracking of the patient is carried out
If you see below the Below tables are related to Person who is a patient. Here the Person, his Diagnosis, Tracking the activity of the Person.
	~~~
	ALLERGY
	ALLERGY_COMMENT
	CE_EVENT_ACTION
	CE_EVENT_PRSNL
	CE_MED_RESULT
	CHARGE_EVENT
	CHARGE_EVENT_ACT
	CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL
	CLINICAL_EVENT
	CONTAINER
	DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL
	DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY
	DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL
	DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT
	DIAGNOSIS
	ESI_LOG
	HM_EXPECT_MOD
	HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST
	LOGICAL_DOMAIN
	LONG_BLOB
	MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC
	NOMENCLATURE
	PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY
	PAT_ED_FAVORITES
	PAT_ED_RELTN
	PAT_ED_SHORTCUT
	PERSON
	PERSON_COMBINE_DET
	PERSON_NAME
	PM_TRANSACTION
	PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS
	PPR_CONSENT_POLICY
	PPR_CONSENT_STATUS
	PRIV_LOC_RELTN
	PROBLEM
	PROBLEM_COMMENT
	PROBLEM_PRSNL_R
	PROC_PRSNL_RELTN
	PRSNL
	RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT
	RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION
	RAD_REPORT_PRSNL
	RAD_RES_INFO
	RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA
	REACTION
	SCD_STORY
	SCD_TERM_DATA
	SCH_ENTRY
	SCH_EVENT_ACTION
	SCH_LOCATION
	SCH_LOCK
	SCR_PATTERN
	STICKY_NOTE
	TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT
	TRACKING_CHECKIN
	TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY
	TRACKING_EVT_CMT
	TRACKING_ITEM
	TRACKING_LOCATOR
	TRACKING_PRSNL
	TRACKING_PRV_RELN
	TRACK_REFERENCE
	V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE
	~~~

## Learn More

## Acknowledgements
* **Author** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Contributors** -  Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Last Updated By/Date** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate, September 2022

Commit message:

Lab for moving node to target clusters, db-config and graph-config properties are added.

developer-library/microservices-data-refactoring/detect-communities/detect-communities.md, after:

# Run the community detection algorithm

## Introduction

In this lab, using the graphs which are created in the previous labs, we applied the community detection algorithm which identifies the communities within the graphs. The community detection algorithm takes the input graphs and identities strong connectivity within graphs and forms multiple smaller communities. Infomap is used for community detection in this lab.

Estimated Lab Time: 15 minutes

### Objectives

In this lab, you will:
* Create a graph in Data Studio
* Detect the communities using the Infomap.

### Prerequisites

This lab assumes you have:

* All previous labs were completed successfully.

## Task 1: Create the Bucket in OCI Compartment.

1. Clone the DRA Community Detection Client from the github.
	~~~ 
	git clone https://github.com/oracle/DRACommunityDetection.git 
	~~~

2. Update the db-config.properties file.
   
 	Update the value for the below properties.
	~~~
  	tenant 	 - tenant OCID
  	database - Name of the Database
	username - Username to login to database
	password - Password to login to database
	endpoint - Endpoint for connecting to Autonomous Database instance
	~~~~
1. Update the graph-config.properties file.

	Update the value for the below properties.
	~~~
  	graph_name - Name of the graph created in Graph Studio.
  	vertex_property_column
	edge_property_source_column
	edge_property_destination_column
	edge_property_weight_column
	~~~~

## Task 2: Compile and Run the Community Detection.
1. Compile the maven project
	~~~
	mvn compile
	~~~

2. Execute the project to see the identified clusters using the Infomap Algorithm
	~~~
	mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass=com.oracle.ms.app.InfomapGraphClient 'MaxNumberOfIterations'
	~~~
	Where 
   - com.oracle.ms.app.InfomapGraphClient - Main class which loads the graph and runs the Infomap to identify the Clusters.


Output:
	~~~
	job details: name=Environment Creation - 18 GBstype= ENVIRONMENT_CREATIONcreated_by= ADMIN
	Graph : PgxGraph[name=MED_REC_PG_OBJ_G,N=259,E=972,created=1664544333468]

	The table names with the same community Ids formed the clusters below.
	+----------------------------------------+
	| Community | TABLE_NAME                 |
	+----------------------------------------+
	| 0         | PRSNL_RELTN_ACTIVITY       |
	| 0         | CLINICAL_SERVICE_RELTN     |
	| 0         | ENCNTR_PRSNL_RELTN         |
	| 0         | PE_STATUS_REASON           |
	| 0         | PCT_CARE_TEAM              |
	| 0         | PERSON_PERSON_RELTN        |
	| 0         | PERSON_INFO                |
	| 0         | DEPT_ORD_STAT_SECURITY     |
	| 0         | PERSON_PRSNL_RELTN         |
	| 0         | PRSNL_ORG_RELTN            |
	| 0         | ENCOUNTER                  |
	| 0         | ORD_RQSTN_ORD_R            |
	| 0         | PRSNL_RELTN                |
	| 0         | ORG_ALIAS_POOL_RELTN       |
	| 0         | LOCATION                   |
	| 0         | ORGANIZATION               |
	| 0         | CODE_VALUE_EXTENSION       |
	| 0         | SCH_APPT                   |
	| 0         | ENCNTR_INFO                |
	| 0         | PRSNL_ALIAS                |
	| 0         | SCH_EVENT                  |
	| 0         | SCH_EVENT_ALIAS            |
	| 1         | PROC_CLASSIFICATION        |
	| 2         | OCS_FACILITY_R             |
	| 3         | SYNONYM_ITEM_R             |
	| 4         | SHARED_VALUE_GTTD          |
	| 5         | RAD_REPORT_DETAIL          |
	| 6         | IMAGE_CLASS_TYPE           |
	| 7         | RAD_FOLLOW_UP_CONTROL      |
	| 8         | DRC_PREMISE                |
	| 9         | ORG_ORG_RELTN              |
	| 10        | PENDING_COLLECTION         |
	| 10        | PERSON_COMBINE_DET         |
	| 10        | OE_FORMAT_FIELDS           |
	| 10        | COLLECTION_PRIORITY        |
	| 10        | ORDER_LABORATORY           |
	| 10        | ACCESSION                  |
	| 10        | ACCESSION_ORDER_R          |
	| 10        | ORDERS                     |
	| 10        | ORDER_REVIEW               |
	| 10        | UCM_CASE_STEP              |
	| 10        | UCMR_CASE_TYPE             |
	| 10        | ORDER_CONTAINER_R          |
	| 10        | ORDER_ENTRY_FIELDS         |
	| 10        | ORDER_DETAIL               |
	| 10        | ORDER_SUPPLY_REVIEW        |
	| 10        | UCM_CASE                   |
	| 10        | ORDER_TASK                 |
	| 10        | ORDER_ACTION               |
	| 10        | TASK_ACTIVITY              |
	| 10        | SCH_EVENT_ATTACH           |
	| 10        | NETTING                    |
	| 10        | TRACKING_EVENT             |
	| 10        | ORDER_TASK_RESPONSE        |
	| 10        | PRICE_SCHED                |
	| 10        | TASK_RELTN                 |
	| 10        | PERSON_COMBINE             |
	| 10        | SERVICE_DIRECTORY          |
	| 10        | OUTPUT_DEST                |
	| 10        | SHARED_LIST_GTTD           |
	| 10        | ACTIVITY_DATA_RELTN        |
	| 10        | TRACK_EVENT                |
	| 10        | ENCNTR_LOC_HIST            |
	| 11        | PRIVILEGE                  |
	| 12        | TRACKING_PRSNL_REF         |
	| 13        | ORDER_PRODUCT              |
	| 13        | WARNING_LABEL              |
	| 13        | MED_INGRED_SET             |
	| 13        | ALT_SEL_CAT                |
	| 13        | RX_CURVE                   |
	| 13        | MED_PACKAGE_TYPE           |
	| 13        | MEDICATION_DEFINITION      |
	| 13        | MED_DEF_FLEX               |
	| 13        | WARNING_LABEL_XREF         |
	| 13        | MED_DISPENSE               |
	| 13        | LONG_TEXT                  |
	| 13        | ITEM_DEFINITION            |
	| 13        | MED_FLEX_OBJECT_IDX        |
	| 13        | MED_OE_DEFAULTS            |
	| 13        | ALT_SEL_LIST               |
	| 13        | ORDER_CATALOG_ITEM_R       |
	| 14        | QUANTITY_ON_HAND           |
	| 15        | ROUTE_FORM_R               |
	| 16        | RES_SIGN_ACT_SUBTYPE       |
	| 17        | OUTBOUND_FIELD_PROCESSING  |
	| 18        | BILL_ITEM_MODIFIER         |
	| 19        | PROXY_GROUP                |
	| 20        | EXPEDITE_COPY              |
	| 21        | ORG_TYPE_RELTN             |
	| 22        | CODE_SET_EXTENSION         |
	| 23        | DCP_ENTITY_RELTN           |
	| 24        | PRINTER                    |
	| 25        | PFT_ENCNTR                 |
	| 26        | RAD_INIT_READ              |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_ALIAS           |
	| 27        | MATCH_TAG_PARMS            |
	| 27        | DEVICE                     |
	| 27        | SCH_LOCATION               |
	| 27        | ESI_LOG                    |
	| 27        | TRACKING_ITEM              |
	| 27        | DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT       |
	| 27        | PERSON_PRSNL_ACTIVITY      |
	| 27        | SCD_STORY                  |
	| 27        | MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC          |
	| 27        | V500_EVENT_SET_CODE        |
	| 27        | BLOB_REFERENCE             |
	| 27        | NOMENCLATURE               |
	| 27        | CMT_CONCEPT_EXTENSION      |
	| 27        | NURSE_UNIT                 |
	| 27        | LONG_BLOB                  |
	| 27        | PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS        |
	| 27        | PPR_CONSENT_STATUS         |
	| 27        | PERSON_NAME                |
	| 27        | ORG_BARCODE_ORG            |
	| 27        | SIGN_LINE_FORMAT_DETAIL    |
	| 27        | PROC_PRSNL_RELTN           |
	| 27        | CREDENTIAL                 |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_SET             |
	| 27        | CONTAINER                  |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY         |
	| 27        | PCS_DEMOGRAPHIC_FIELD      |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT_ACT           |
	| 27        | ALLERGY_COMMENT            |
	| 27        | DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL        |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_COMP    |
	| 27        | PERSON_CODE_VALUE_R        |
	| 27        | CLINICAL_EVENT             |
	| 27        | PSN_PPR_RELTN              |
	| 27        | PROBLEM_PRSNL_R            |
	| 27        | RAD_REPORT_PRSNL           |
	| 27        | PHONE                      |
	| 27        | MLTM_NDC_MAIN_DRUG_CODE    |
	| 27        | BILL_ITEM                  |
	| 27        | WORKING_VIEW_FREQ_INTERVAL |
	| 27        | TRACKING_CHECKIN           |
	| 27        | SCH_EVENT_ACTION           |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE_GROUP           |
	| 27        | LOGICAL_DOMAIN             |
	| 27        | PERSON_ALIAS               |
	| 27        | CE_EVENT_PRSNL             |
	| 27        | FILL_CYCLE_BATCH           |
	| 27        | RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION    |
	| 27        | TRACKING_PRSNL             |
	| 27        | DIAGNOSIS                  |
	| 27        | RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA          |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY        |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL     |
	| 27        | SCD_TERM_DATA              |
	| 27        | HM_EXPECT_MOD              |
	| 27        | CE_MED_RESULT              |
	| 27        | SCH_LOCK                   |
	| 27        | DISPENSE_CATEGORY          |
	| 27        | RAD_RES_INFO               |
	| 27        | SIGN_LINE_FORMAT           |
	| 27        | ENCNTR_ALIAS               |
	| 27        | CODE_CDF_EXT               |
	| 27        | PM_TRANSACTION             |
	| 27        | TRACKING_PRV_RELN          |
	| 27        | LOCATION_GROUP             |
	| 27        | PROBLEM_COMMENT            |
	| 27        | ESO_TRIGGER                |
	| 27        | PRSNL_GROUP                |
	| 27        | PRSNL_GROUP_RELTN          |
	| 27        | TRACKING_EVT_CMT           |
	| 27        | TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY     |
	| 27        | DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL   |
	| 27        | CMT_CONCEPT                |
	| 27        | ALLERGY                    |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_SHORTCUT            |
	| 27        | TRACKING_LOCATOR           |
	| 27        | SCH_ENTRY                  |
	| 27        | RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT           |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_RELTN               |
	| 27        | PREDEFINED_PREFS           |
	| 27        | ORG_BARCODE_FORMAT         |
	| 27        | REACTION                   |
	| 27        | PAT_ED_FAVORITES           |
	| 27        | TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT   |
	| 27        | CHARGE_EVENT               |
	| 27        | PPR_CONSENT_POLICY         |
	| 27        | SCR_PATTERN                |
	| 27        | CE_EVENT_ACTION            |
	| 27        | TRACK_GROUP                |
	| 27        | TRACK_REFERENCE            |
	| 27        | PROBLEM                    |
	| 27        | STICKY_NOTE                |
	| 27        | V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE     |
	| 27        | PRIV_LOC_RELTN             |
	| 27        | CODE_VALUE                 |
	| 27        | PERSON                     |
	| 27        | PRSNL                      |
	| 27        | HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST         |
	| 27        | DOSE_CALCULATOR_UOM        |
	| 28        | TRACKING_EVENT_ORD         |
	| 29        | DISCRETE_TASK_ASSAY        |
	| 30        | DEVICE_XREF                |
	| 31        | MED_COST_HX                |
	| 31        | TEMPLATE_NONFORMULARY      |
	| 31        | PACKAGE_TYPE               |
	| 31        | MED_PRODUCT                |
	| 31        | MANUFACTURER_ITEM          |
	| 31        | ITEM_LOCATION_COST         |
	| 31        | FILL_PRINT_ORD_HX          |
	| 31        | MED_IDENTIFIER             |
	| 32        | ORDER_TASK_XREF            |
	| 33        | RAD_PROCEDURE_GROUP        |
	| 33        | ORDER_SENTENCE             |
	| 33        | SCH_SIMPLE_ASSOC           |
	| 33        | PATHWAY                    |
	| 33        | ORDER_NOTIFICATION         |
	| 33        | RAD_RPT_LOCK               |
	| 33        | REGIMEN_CAT_SYNONYM        |
	| 33        | PW_CAT_SYNONYM             |
	| 33        | ORDER_COMMENT              |
	| 33        | ORDER_PRODUCT_DOSE         |
	| 33        | ECO_QUEUE                  |
	| 33        | RAD_REPORT                 |
	| 33        | RAD_FOL_UP_FIELD           |
	| 33        | RAD_INT_CASE_R             |
	| 33        | TRACKABLE_OBJECT           |
	| 33        | ORDER_RADIOLOGY            |
	| 33        | RAD_PRIOR_PREFS            |
	| 33        | CODE_VALUE_EVENT_R         |
	| 33        | MAMMO_STUDY                |
	| 33        | PW_CAT_FLEX                |
	| 33        | FILM_USAGE                 |
	| 33        | FILM_EXAM                  |
	| 33        | MEDIA_EXAM                 |
	| 33        | ORDER_THERAP_SBSTTN        |
	| 33        | ORDER_IV_INFO              |
	| 33        | CS_COMPONENT               |
	| 33        | EXAM_DATA                  |
	| 33        | BILL_ONLY_PROC_RELTN       |
	| 33        | SCH_EVENT_PATIENT          |
	| 33        | IMAGE_CLASS                |
	| 33        | RAD_INT_CASE               |
	| 33        | ORDER_CATALOG              |
	| 33        | SCH_APPT_ORD               |
	| 33        | SIGN_LINE_DTA_R            |
	| 33        | REGIMEN_CATALOG            |
	| 33        | IM_STUDY_PARENT_R          |
	| 33        | ORDER_INGREDIENT           |
	| 33        | ORDER_DISPENSE             |
	| 33        | ICLASS_PERSON_RELTN        |
	| 33        | ACT_PW_COMP                |
	| 33        | PATHWAY_CATALOG            |
	| 33        | PROCEDURE_SPECIMEN_TYPE    |
	| 33        | ORDER_INGREDIENT_DOSE      |
	| 33        | RAD_FILM_ADJUST            |
	| 33        | RAD_PROCEDURE_ASSOC        |
	| 33        | PHARMACY_NOTES             |
	| 33        | SCH_APPT_OPTION            |
	| 33        | RAD_FOLLOW_UP_RECALL       |
	| 33        | ORDER_CATALOG_SYNONYM      |
	| 33        | TASK_DISCRETE_R            |
	| 33        | IM_STUDY                   |
	| 33        | MAMMO_FOLLOW_UP            |
	| 33        | RAD_EXAM                   |
	| 33        | RENEW_NOTIFICATION_PERIOD  |
	------------------------------------------
	

## Task 4 : Analysis of nelwy formed clusters

- There are 63 Nodes in this below Cluster : 
- Main Table for foraming a cluster is PRSNL where major number of tables are connected with this table. 

- All the tables related to Personal and tracking of those personal details has formed the formed one cluster. 

- The Person will have the Problems and He consults the Doctor. Doctor will diagnoise the Patient. And the tracking of the patient is carried out
If you see below the Below tables are related to Person who is a patient. Here the Person, his Diagnosis, Tracking the activity of the Person.
	~~~
	ALLERGY
	ALLERGY_COMMENT
	CE_EVENT_ACTION
	CE_EVENT_PRSNL
	CE_MED_RESULT
	CHARGE_EVENT
	CHARGE_EVENT_ACT
	CHARGE_EVENT_ACT_PRSNL
	CLINICAL_EVENT
	CONTAINER
	DCP_CARE_TEAM_PRSNL
	DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY
	DCP_FORMS_ACTIVITY_PRSNL
	DCP_SHIFT_ASSIGNMENT
	DIAGNOSIS
	ESI_LOG
	HM_EXPECT_MOD
	HM_EXPECT_MOD_HIST
	LOGICAL_DOMAIN
	LONG_BLOB
	MRU_LOOKUP_ED_DOC
	NOMENCLATURE
	PAT_ED_DOC_ACTIVITY
	PAT_ED_FAVORITES
	PAT_ED_RELTN
	PAT_ED_SHORTCUT
	PERSON
	PERSON_COMBINE_DET
	PERSON_NAME
	PM_TRANSACTION
	PM_WAIT_LIST_STATUS
	PPR_CONSENT_POLICY
	PPR_CONSENT_STATUS
	PRIV_LOC_RELTN
	PROBLEM
	PROBLEM_COMMENT
	PROBLEM_PRSNL_R
	PROC_PRSNL_RELTN
	PRSNL
	RAD_PROTOCOL_ACT
	RAD_PROTOCOL_DEFINITION
	RAD_REPORT_PRSNL
	RAD_RES_INFO
	RAD_TECH_CMT_DATA
	REACTION
	SCD_STORY
	SCD_TERM_DATA
	SCH_ENTRY
	SCH_EVENT_ACTION
	SCH_LOCATION
	SCH_LOCK
	SCR_PATTERN
	STICKY_NOTE
	TASK_ACTIVITY_ASSIGNMENT
	TRACKING_CHECKIN
	TRACKING_EVENT_HISTORY
	TRACKING_EVT_CMT
	TRACKING_ITEM
	TRACKING_LOCATOR
	TRACKING_PRSNL
	TRACKING_PRV_RELN
	TRACK_REFERENCE
	V500_EVENT_SET_EXPLODE
	~~~

## Learn More

## Acknowledgements
* **Author** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Contributors** -  Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate
* **Last Updated By/Date** - Praveen Hiremath, Developer Advocate, September 2022
